ROM:
All right, everyone,
gather around.
We're about to start.
When a young Ferengi
goes out on his own,
he traditionally
raises capital
by selling
his boyhood treasures.
As you know, my son, Nog,
will be leaving
shortly for Earth
and Starfleet Academy.
I'm going to miss him,
and I know you will, too
and what better way
to remember him
than to purchase
one of his very own
personal belongings.
I don't know about you,
but I'm buying
these pajamas.
That'll be
three strips of latinum.
Sold!
Two!
Let the buying commence!
NOG:
No reasonable offer
will be refused.
I didn't expect to see
you here, Mr. Worf.
Captain Sisko made it
a personal request
that I attend.
He seems to have taken some
interest in the young Ferengi.
Well, the Captain
sponsored
Nog's application
to the Academy.
A Ferengi at the Academy--
I'm not sure that is wise.
Oh, I don't know
about that.
Not so long ago,
someone might have
said the same
thing about you.
You two better hurry
be anything left to buy.
or there won't
Nog, what is this?
holosuite program.
My favorite
the Pleasure Goddess of Rixx."
"A visit with
ten strips of latinum.
Yours for a mere
He'll take it.
Well, consider it a gift.
Well, you're too kind.
KIRA:
Nog...
this springball racket?
where did you get
Out of a replicator?
Try out of my quarters.
This is mine.
I've been looking for this
for two years.
And it was sitting here
on the bar all along.
That's incredible.
( chuckles )
It's a Ferengi
tooth sharpener.
( buzzing )
( grunts )
How much?
Rom.
Brother, you're here.
If you hurry,
there still might be
some choice items
left for you to buy.
I'm not here
for the sale.
Nog has no business going
to Starfleet Academy,
and I'm not doing anything
to encourage him.
Now, come with me.
But the sale...
It's over as far
as you're concerned.
The ship, it's here.
What ship?
The ship, our ship--
my ship?
The shuttle
Cousin Gaila owed me?
He's owed you
that shuttle for ten years.
Ever since I loaned
him the latinum
to start up his
munitions consortium.
He always said that
if he became a success,
he'd buy me my own ship.
Now it's here.
But why do you need me?
Because knowing our
cousin, it's probably
defective merchandise.
I'd better
have a look at it.
What a wonderful idea.
Now get going.
And leave the clothes... here.
Brother?
All right,
tell me what's wrong with it.
Nothing.
The ship is perfect!
Gaila must have paid
a fortune for it.
You mean it'll actually fly?
This ship could outrun
a Romulan interceptor.
We could take it halfway
across the galaxy
need a maintenance check.
before it would even
You don't say.
And it's all mine.
I can go anyplace I want.
Maybe it's time you considered
that early retirement
we talked about.
I could take over the bar,
and you could fly off
into the great unknown,
never to return!
Unless you wanted to.
Don't get your hopes up.
The first thing
we need to do
for a test flight...
is take this thing
someplace reasonably
far away but safe.
Someplace like...
Earth?
Exactly.
If the boy wants to go
to Starfleet Academy,
he might as well
do it in style.
Yes, Brother!
Thank you, Brother!
I'll go tell Nog.
this is going to be fun!
A trip to Earth--
( chuckling )
Not to mention profitable.
All I ask is a tall ship,
and a load of contraband
to fill her with.
( chuckles )
Here are the codes to operate
the holosuite programs.
Now, remember, don't
extend any lines of credit,
don't touch the dabo girls,
and make sure you keep
your eyes on him,
because he'll be keeping
his eyes on you.
Good choice, Quark.
I'm sure Morn will do
an excellent job
drink up all your profits.
as long as he doesn't
of my Ferengi waiters.
Better him than one
They'd rob me blind.
Hmm.
Very generous of you,
taking Nog to Earth.
I'm a generous person.
So I've noticed.
too much while I'm gone.
Try not to miss me
I'll be counting the days
until you get back.
Yeah.
I wonder how many hours
you and I spent
hanging around up here?
2,147.
( chuckles )
Just kidding, but it was a lot.
aside from playing dom-jot
You know,
the Bajoran transports dock,
and watching
it seems like we spent most
of our time doing nothing.
Maybe so, but I can't
think of anyone
I'd rather do nothing with
than you.
Same here.
Nog.
Doctor, if you're
trying to return
It's a going-away present.
something from
the sale...
To help you get around
easier on Earth.
A guidebook?
It's not just
a guidebook.
It's a completely
interactive program
detailing Earth's customs,
culture, history, geography...
wanted to know about Earth
Everything you ever
is right there in that padd.
how to attract human females?
You mean, it'll teach me
Well... almost everything.
I'm sure it'll come in handy.
Thank you.
Well, I'd better be going.
My father and Uncle Quark
are waiting for me.
Good luck, Nog.
Make us proud.
( sighs )
I'll, uh...
I'll walk you over
to the airlock.
That was a good spot.
The best.
The Ferengi Shuttle
Quark's Treasure
has just departed the station.
together on that ship
Quark, Rom and Nog,
all the way to Earth?
Glad I'm not
going with them.
Only thing that worries me...
no one warned Earth
that they're coming.
It says here that humans
didn't even have currency
until 5,000 years ago,
speculative investments,
let alone banking,
or a unified global economy.
backward people, Nog.
They're a primitive,
Pity them.
But think about it, Uncle--
that means they went
with a simple barter system
from being savages
interstellar Federation
to leaders of a vast
It took us twice as long
in only 5,000 years.
the Ferengi Alliance
to establish
warp technology from the...
and we had to buy
what's the difference?
5,000... 10,000...
of technological advancement
The speed
as short-term quarterly gains.
isn't nearly as important
Can't this thing
go any faster?
the safe maximum cruising speed
We're already exceeding
by 2/10 of a warp factor.
Push it another tenth.
long enough as it is.
This trip is taking
Relax, Brother.
I know kemacite is unstable,
but another
day or two
won't make
any difference.
What are you talking about?
The shipment of kemacite
that you're smuggling
in the cargo hold.
smuggling kemacite?
Uncle, are you
Isn't that dangerous?
and highly profitable
Dangerous...
especially if we make
a side trip to Orion
on the way home
from Earth.
What tipped you off?
the impulse engines,
When I engaged
distribution was a little off,
I noticed the ship's weight
so the last time you went
to waste extraction,
I snuck back to the cargo bay
and took a look around.
get to be so smart?
When did you
been smart, Brother.
I've always
I've just lacked
self-confidence.
I could forget everything I saw.
Of course,
How much?
20 percent of the profits.
I suppose you'll want
a cut, too?
As a Starfleet Cadet,
it's my duty to report
any violation of Federation law
to my superiors immediately...
I haven't been sworn in yet.
but then again,
I'll take 10 percent.
It's a deal.
I thought I told you
to go faster.
Faster it is!
( sighs )
Brother, wake up.
We're approaching
Earth's star system.
Take her out of warp.
Father, have you ever heard
of the Bell Riots?
Don't bother me now.
But doesn't this
Gabriel Bell human
look just like Captain Sisko?
All hu-mans look alike.
to take us out of warp.
I thought I told you
the warp core isn't responding.
I'm trying, Brother, but
sequencer has been disabled.
It looks like the command
I don't understand.
I tested everything!
this could've happened is...
The only way
if the command sequencer
was designed to fail.
You mean sabotage.
Cousin Gaila.
He never did like you
very much, Uncle.
Okay, okay, no need to panic.
So the warp drive
won't shut down.
What's the worst thing
that could happen?
continue accelerating
The ship could
until it tears itself apart
halfway across the Quadrant.
and scatters our remains
There must be something
we can do!
No, I tried that already.
Jettison the warp core?
Emergency overrides
are frozen.
something else, won't we?
Then we'll have to try
The kemacite!
If we vent plasma
from the warp core
we may be able to start
into the cargo hold,
a cascade reaction
in the kemacite.
Then we can modulate
the reaction
to create an
inversion wave
in the warp field
and force the ship
back into normal space!
I should be able to get us
If I time it just right,
to make an emergency landing!
close enough to Earth
Rom, you're a genius!
How should I know?
Think so?
what you're talking about.
I have no idea
Just do it.
Hold on!
( screaming )
( gasping )
Rom?
Nog?
Get me General Denning.
Tell him one
of the Martians is awake.
( no audio )
who found their ship.
We've got the farmer
He's locked up in the BOQ,
longer we can keep him there.
but I don't know how much
until I tell you to let him go.
You keep him there
of that idiot in Roswell
Did you take care
we captured a flying saucer?
who told the press
to issue a retraction.
We've convinced him
Turns out it was just
a weather balloon.
Weather balloon?
with something quick.
We had to come up
Last thing we need
is a bunch
of reporters
snooping around.
the public forever, General.
You can't keep this from
Beings from another planet
have landed on Earth.
events in human history.
the most important
This is one of
Maybe, but we can't risk
causing a panic.
the public anything
I'm not telling
until we find out exactly
what we're up against.
Pip im gren tovat.
QUARK:
Yop bree
gren skin law po far.
Yop im too, yoba.
Yop sko ta yop ma.
( groans )
( Quark grunting )
( yells )
It's locked.
What is this place?
Where are we?
I wish you'd stop
asking that.
I told you I don't know.
The last thing I remember
was Father taking the shuttle
in for an emergency landing.
Well, we must be on Earth.
But where?
One thing's for sure--
this isn't Starfleet Academy.
I wonder what happened
to the ship.
My ship.
Where's my ship?
Hey!
Is anybody out there?!
What did you do with my ship?!
I want my ship back!
Goss uff wok ton!
to break out.
He's trying
Don't let them
hurt him.
He's just scared.
General, these creatures come
from a race far more advanced
than our own.
There's no telling
what they can teach us.
We have to try
to communicate with them.
Well, you're in luck.
The President agrees with you
and he wants us to try
and talk to them.
So that's just what
you're going to do.
Me?
Look, Professor, we
didn't ask you here
just because you're
Nurse Garland's fiancé.
to talk to these Martians.
I need someone
You're elected.
I knew Earth was a bad idea.
Ferengis and humans
have no business being together
but you had to go
to Starfleet Academy.
Don't blame my son.
It was your idea
to use Gaila's shuttle.
And you were the one
who said it was safe.
Leave him alone!
If it wasn't for my father,
we'd all be dead.
Maybe we are dead.
What are you
talking about?
Maybe this is
the Divine Treasury.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
The Divine Treasury
is made of pure latinum.
Besides, where's
the Blessed Exchequer?
Where are the Celestial
Auctioneers?
And why aren't we bidding
for our new lives, hmm?
You don't think we're
in the other place?
The Vault
of Eternal Destitution?
Don't be ridiculous.
The bar was showing a profit.
( door latch clicks )
( door closes )
( clears throat )
Welcome to Earth.
We mean you no harm.
We're sorry we had to separate
( with echoing distortion):
you from your ship,
but I'm sure you can
understand we have
lots of questions
for you.
Did you understand
a word of that?
Our universal translators
must be malfunctioning.
What are they doing?
Maybe it's some kind
of greeting.
She may be onto...
( distorted ):
...something.
( distorted gibberish )
What are they doing?
Maybe their universal
translators are broken, too.
universal translators.
No! They don't have
I recognize those uniforms
they're from the 20th century.
from my guidebook,
The 20th century?!
You mean we traveled
back through time?
More than 400 years!
Those are military uniforms
of the old nation states.
from one
Uh... Australia or something.
So if they don't have
universal translators,
then why are they
banging their heads?
They're just mimicking us.
Brik yop tal hopdrew,
ki los hoem bog?
I think he likes you,
( distorted ):
Captain.
I'd always heard primitive
humans lacked intelligence
but I had no idea
they were this stupid.
They weren't just stupid.
They were violent, petty,
bigoted and selfish.
And we're stuck
here with them.
Maybe for the rest
of our lives.
The three of us and millions
of primitive hu-mans.
I like those odds.
( distorted gibberish )
Gren fatarik oo-mox?
Ya ta fa.
I've given them
every medical test
I can think of,
but the only thing
I can tell you for sure
is they're not human.
Well, that's a start.
I think these two
are involved
in some kind
of a grooming ritual.
Look how the older one
is taking care
of the younger one.
That's sweet.
Maybe they're
father and son.
Wouldn't that
be something?
They've come
from so far away,
but they still have
the same basic family
structure that we do.
I wonder if the third one's
related, too.
For all we know, it
could be the mother.
Gren fa hoe
loth pex-pil?!
If she is the mother,
she's quite a shrew.
I'm working as fast
as I can, Brother,
but there must be
some kind of interference
disrupting
our translators.
What kind
of interference?
I'm not sure.
or maybe ionic interference,
Could be solar flares,
or I suppose it could be
beta radiation,
but that's only produced
by nuclear fission.
Don't be an idiot.
Nuclear fission doesn't happen
within planetary atmospheres.
It does here.
In the 20th century,
humans used
crude nuclear reactors
as weapons.
They called them
"atom bombs."
They used to blow
them up all the time.
their own planet?
They irradiated
If Nog says so, they did.
He knows all about
Earth history.
You better fix
those translators fast.
The sooner we start talking
to these savages,
the better off we'll be.
Vo yop toe pah?
He seems to want something
from you.
You'd better tell him
I'm your girl.
Yop triska gleep
do-sta gren-la.
I think he wants your hairpin.
If you say so, Professor.
Here you go.
Neep-gren.
Now, where's
that reset button?
Ouch! That looks
like it hurts.
Well, he doesn't
seem to mind.
Oh...
I wish I could
get some help.
I don't know why we can't
bring in a few more experts.
Let's face it, Jeff--
when it comes to beings
from another planet
we don't have any experts.
You'll find a way
of communicating
with them, darling.
I know you will.
Imagine
the possibilities.
Who knows what they
could teach us?
A few years from now,
mankind could have
rocket ships of our own.
We could travel the galaxy,
exploring new worlds
and new civilizations.
Always the dreamer.
That's why you love me.
It's funny, isn't it?
Here we are in the middle
discoveries in human history
of one of the greatest
and all I can think about
is what you're going to look
like in your wedding dress.
My mother keeps asking
where we're going
on our honeymoon.
She thinks we should go
to Niagara Falls.
Well, who knows?
Maybe we'll go to Mars.
( sniffs )
What's that
disgusting smell?
I think it's
called "tobacco."
It's a deadly drug.
When used frequently,
it destroys the
internal organs.
then why do they use it?
If it's so deadly,
It's also
highly addictive.
How do they get
their hands on it?
They buy it in stores.
They buy it?
If they'll buy poison,
they'll buy anything.
I think I'm going
to like it here.
Uncle, I hope
you're not thinking
of doing anything that
will disrupt the timeline.
Perish the thought.
Changing the
history of Earth
could affect
the entire galaxy.
The Federation,
Deep Space 9--
your bar-- could all
cease to exist.
Wouldn't that be a shame?
with those translators.
Rom, hurry up
The alien ship has a small
control area in the front
and rudimentary
sleeping quarters in the back.
So far, we can't even figure out
what drives the engines,
let alone how they work.
Hey, how you doing, big fella?
You making any headway,
Professor?
I would've expected creatures
It's fascinating.
of their technological
sophistication
to communicate telepathically,
but they seem to have
a structured verbal language
just like we do.
Given enough time,
could probably decipher it.
a good team of linguists
We're not bringing in
anyone else.
know about this as it is.
Too many people
Besides, we don't
have the time.
President Truman's
an impatient man.
and he wants them now.
He wants answers
Jeff, General Denning,
I think you'd better come inside
right away.
Chief Financial Officer
My name is Quark,
of the Ferengi
Alliance,
a business proposition for you.
and... I've got
I don't see
any universal translator.
Trust me.
It's in there.
So this gadget
of yours is
what makes it possible for us
to understand each other?
How's it work?
It's simple if you know how.
You'd be surprised at the kind
of things you can do
with the right technology.
Which brings me
to why I'm here.
I was wondering about that.
I've been sent by my people
to open up a market
for advanced Ferengi technology.
What kind of technology
you talking about?
How would you like to travel
beyond the stars
at speeds you never even dreamt
were possible?
Or to transport yourselves
from one place to another
in the blink of an eye?
You know how
to do that?
That's only the beginning.
( laughs )
the medical knowledge
We can give you
your deadliest diseases.
to cure
We have machines that can
produce food and clothing
out of thin air.
What about weapons?
Weapons?!
If you want weapons,
I'm the man to see.
We could teach you to
make phasers, disruptors,
photon torpedoes...
or even quantum torpedoes--
a little more expensive
but worth it.
What do you want in return?
That depends.
What do you use for
currency around here--
latinum, dilithium?
We use dollars.
Never heard of them.
Dollars?
Don't you have any gemstones
or precious minerals?
You mean like gold?
Gold is good.
How much gold
are we talking about?
Seeing how we're going to be
advancing your culture
about 400 years
overnight, I'd say
a couple of million bars
would be about right...
as a good faith deposit.
You know, Quark, you might be
some kind of Martian...
Ferengi.
Whatever,
but the more we talk,
the more you remind me
of my brother-in-law.
Is he a businessman?
and not a very good one.
He's a car salesman
Then he's nothing like me.
The bottom line is,
I don't trust him,
and I don't trust you.
So before we sit down
and sign any contracts
you are going to tell me
just what the hell you people
are really doing here.
I just told you.
We're here to open up
trade negotiations.
If you're not interested,
just say so.
I'm sure I can do business
with one of your planet's
other nation states.
play ball, you're going to sell
In other words, if we don't
these advanced weapons of yours
to the Russians.
it didn't come to that.
I'd rather
To be honest, I'd much rather
work with you Australians.
Americans.
Whatever.
But, if you won't do business
with me and the Russians will,
who am I to say no?
we can't do business,
I-I'm not saying
but I don't have the authority
to make this kind of decision.
I'll have to get, uh...
Well, I'll have to get clearance
from the President.
I can wait.
( clears throat )
let me give you some free advice
In the meantime,
I'm on your side.
just to show you
take better care of yourselves.
You people should
Stop poisoning your bodies
with tobacco
and atom bombs.
Sooner or later, that kind
of stuff will kill you.
about atom bombs?
What do you know
My people have been watching
your world for years.
We know all about you--
baseball, root beer,
darts, atom bombs.
It's quite a fascinating culture
you hu-mans have here.
And with a little
Ferengi technology,
it could be even better.
to that president of yours?
Now, why don't you go talk
( coughs )
Let me get this straight, Rom.
Are you saying that all
the women on your world
walk around naked?
Uh-huh.
It's the law.
You don't say.
Well, I guess I'm never going
to visit your world.
And neither are you.
NOG:
Uh, Nurse Garland...
I'm having trouble
with my ear again.
Could you massage it
some more?
Are you sure you don't want
a doctor to look at that?
No. I feel more
comfortable with you.
Ah... ah...
Much better.
You know, come to think of it,
my ear's bothering me, too.
Brother!
How did your meeting
with the general go?
It's... late.
We should let you
get some rest.
I'm not tired!
We'll visit
some more tomorrow.
that female that I don't like.
There's something about
She's so... cheerful.
What about the general?
Is he going
to let us leave?
Don't worry.
Everything's under control.
( barking )
to take that thing with them.
Oh, they forgot
It seems to like
you, Brother.
Get away from me.
Hello, Quark.
Odo, what are you doing here?
attempting to smuggle kemacite.
Placing you under arrest for
expect me to believe
Did you really
that you were traveling
all the way to Earth
just to be nice to your nephew?
You hid on board the ship.
That's right.
And now I'm stuck
here with you.
Now listen carefully, because
we don't have much time.
Someone could come in
any minute.
Your ship is in a hangar
on the other side
of the base.
It sustained some damage
in the crash,
are still functioning.
but the engines
we should be able
If we're lucky,
to use it to get away from here.
And go where?
Even if we get out of here,
we'll still going to be trapped
400 years in the past.
Actually, I've
been thinking.
If there's enough
kemacite left,
there might be a way to
get back to our own time.
How?
If we find
a sufficiently
powerful energy source
we should be able to
trigger a temporal surge
in the subspace continuum
and recreate the same
kind of time warp
that brought us here
in the first place!
What do you mean by
powerful energy source"?
"a sufficiently
We're not going anywhere.
We're staying
right here.
But, Brother,
what about the bar?
Who cares about the bar?
I'm telling you, Rom,
we stay here,
we'll be running this place.
and inside of a year,
You mean the military base?
I mean the whole planet.
Huh!
all you want.
"Harumph"
But these hu-mans--
they're nothing
from the Federation.
like the ones
gullible and greedy.
They're crude,
You mean like you.
I can understand and manipulate.
Yeah. These are humans
But, Uncle, what
about the timeline?
Forget this
timeline.
The one we're going to create
will be better.
Once we get things
in order here,
the Ferengi homeworld
we'll contact
and sell them our ship.
The Ferengi will have
warp drive technology
or Klingons or even the Vulcans.
centuries before hu-mans
an economic empire
We'll establish
beyond even Grand Nagus Zek's
wildest dreams,
and I'll control it all.
a vivid imagination,
You do have
but the only place we're going
is back to our own time.
ready to go in six hours,
I'll have the ship
going to be on it.
and you're all
and neither is my ship.
I'm not going back,
We'll see about that.
What's the word,
General?
That little
piano-playing Democrat's
not as dumb as he looks.
He's not about to make a deal
with these aliens
until we learn
more about them.
And how does the president
propose we do that?
He said he'd leave that
in our capable hands.
Don't worry, General.
I'll find out what
those Martians are up to.
See that you do.
This is the opportunity
of a lifetime.
I don't know, Brother.
It seems awfully
risky to me.
the greater the profit.
The riskier the road,
What about Rule of
Acquisition 203?
razor-toothed gree-worms.
"New customers are like
but sometimes they bite back."
They can be succulent,
No...
if there's any biting
to be done,
we're the ones who are
going to do it, huh?
( door opens )
Get this off me.
QUARK:
Get this off me!
I can't breathe!
This is an outrage!
I demand to see General Denning.
If I don't get satisfaction,
I'm taking my business
to the Russians.
The Russians...
that's a good place to start.
Why don't you tell me everything
you know about the Russians?
( screaming )
Would you please
stop doing that?
That's the fifth
injection
of sodium pentothal
I've given him.
It's not working.
Their biochemistry
is obviously
nothing like ours.
Then stop sticking me
with those needles!
Captain, this is wrong.
These people
are our guests.
They're not people.
They're... things.
from another world.
Invaders
It's up to us to put an end
to whatever they're planning.
Now, if you don't tell me
what I want to know,
needles are going to be
the least
of your worries.
You know, Doc,
what a Martian looked like...
I've always wanted to see
from the inside.
Don't you people
have laws against
this kind of thing?
to national security.
Not when it comes
should we start with?
Now, which one
The loud one?
The little one...
or the quiet one?
Now why don't you tell us
why you're really here?
We're from the future.
It was an accident.
The warp core was sabotaged.
It's all Cousin Gaila's fault.
I want to go home!
I want my Moogie!
Moogie?
You want the truth?
I'll tell you the truth.
for the Ferengi invasion fleet.
We're advance scouts
I knew it!
Nog, what are you
talking about?
We've been studying you puny
earthlings for centuries
and you're ripe for conquest.
It's not true!
Moogie!
It's no use,
Supreme Commander.
They've seen
through our cover,
won't do them any good.
but knowing our plans
Even now, 300 Marauder-class
attack cruisers
are orbiting your planet
preparing for the attack.
Moogie!
I'm telling you this is crazy!
Nog, tell him the truth.
We're helpless.
We're harmless.
We just want to sell you things.
I believe this invasion story.
Captain, I'm not sure
You scientists.
You're like children--
with your heads in the clouds.
always walking around
Keep talking.
When the appointed
hour arrives,
the Marauders
will deactivate
their cloaking devices
and begin
Klingon shock troops
transporting
directly to the landing zone.
Landing zone?
Where? Tell me.
Why not?
will be useless against us.
Your feeble weapons
We will kill all your males
and take your females
to mate with.
Where's the landing zone?
Untie me and I will show you
on that map.
You heard him.
Go get General Denning.
Tell him he was right
about the Martians all along.
Show me.
The first landing parties
will arrive here.
Where?
Here. Right by
this blue blob.
You mean your people
are going to invade...
Cleveland?
No, not Cleveland.
( grunts )
Right... here!
MAN:
Hold it!
Don't hurt him.
It was an accident.
I tripped.
I didn't mean
to do it.
Shoot him!
I'm really,
really sorry.
NOG:
Thank you.
We're all grateful
but couldn't you have
done that an hour ago?
We've got to get
you out of here.
Won't you get
in trouble for this?
Why should they?
We forced them to help us
by using our, uh...
mind control powers.
Your insidious
That's not bad.
For a primitive female,
she's pretty smart.
Come on.
Your ship's in Hangar 18.
Captain Wainwright
needs to see you
in Examination Room 3.
Hold it right there.
Stay back...
or I'll disintegrate
this hostage.
With your finger?
With my death ray.
Looks a lot like
a finger to me.
Who's he?
My hero.
Can we please leave now?
You're sure they're going
to be detonating
an atomic bomb today?
GARLAND:
That's what it said
in the papers.
5:00 a.m. at the proving
grounds in Nevada.
But I don't see
how an atomic bomb
is going to help you
to get home.
It's simple.
ROM:
We need to harness
the beta radiation
to trigger a cascade...
Save your breath.
It's much too complicated
for them to grasp.
5:00 a.m.-- that's
seven minutes from now.
Don't worry.
We'll get there.
Thanks for your help.
You may be hu-mans,
but you're okay by me.
You don't have
to thank us.
I only hope that one day,
mankind will travel
to the stars
and take its place in
a vast alliance of planets.
Federation of planets.
Excuse me?
Uh, don't pay any
attention to him.
He's an idiot.
Trust me, the galaxy is
a pretty rough place.
You people are much better off
staying right here on Earth.
Let's go, Quark.
"A vast alliance
of planets."
You get
the craziest ideas.
What do we do
now, General?
About what, Captain?
was a crashed weather balloon.
All we ever found
Now, tell me again.
What's going to happen
when we get there?
We fly straight into
the atomic explosion,
to the beta radiation,
expose the kemacite
and engage the warp engines.
If we have enough kemacite,
we should be able
to create a reverse time warp
and ride it home.
My dad-- always thinking.
If this doesn't work,
I'm holding you
personally responsible.
I don't remember inviting
you on this trip.
We're at the target site.
ROM:
Hold on.
I don't like this!
it's going to be all right.
Rom, tell your brother
all right, Brother.
It's going to be
I hope.
Did we make it?
like the Divine Treasury.
This doesn't look
Good question.
What year is this?
What's that
flashing indicator?
We're being hailed!
Answer them, answer them!
This is Earth Orbital Control
to the unidentified
Ferengi vessel.
Do you need assistance?
Yes! Definitely!
We'll send a ship to tractor you
to a docking facility.
We'll be waiting.
it looks like you're
Well, son,
going to get to Starfleet
Academy after all.
QUARK:
Just remember--
under that placid
Federation veneer,
a bunch of violent savages.
humans are still
Maybe... but I like them.
Oh, it's good to be home.
I bet you can't wait
to see the bar again.
The bar?
I could have ruled
the galaxy.
But now I have nothing.
I don't even have
my ship anymore.
Look on the bright side,
Brother.
You may have had to sell
your shuttle for salvage,
but at least you got enough
for our passage home.
Wait till I get my
hands on Cousin Gaila.
You're going to have
to wait longer than you think.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
Taking you
to a holding cell.
Kemacite smuggling
is a serious offense.
But you have
no evidence.
We used all the rest
of the kemacite
to get back to
the 24th century.
Tell it
to the arbiter.
I'm innocent,
I tell you.
This is all
a misunderstanding.
Rom, get me a lawyer.
I'll contact Cousin Gaila.
I'm sure he'll know a good one.
Rom, you idiot!
a few weeks, Brother.
See you in